Document adding concepts to an existing schema (#652)
graknlabs/docs: 09-schema/01-concepts.md

<div class="note">
[Important]

> Don't forget to `commit` after executing a `define` query. Otherwise, anything we have defined is NOT committed to the original database that is running on the TypeDB server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don't forget to `commit` after executing a `define` query. Otherwise, any changes will NOT be committed to the database.
```

[tab:end]
</div>

## Modify an existing schema
We can modify an existing schema by adding or deleting concepts: entities, relations, attributes and rules.

> To add we use `define` and to delete an existing concept we use `undefine`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a concept we use `define` and to delete an existing concept we use `undefine`. 
```

We can't modify concepts in a schema directly. To modify an existing concept in a schema (e.g. rename something) we 
shall delete the old concept (by using [undefine](#deleting-from-a-schema-with-undefine)) and add the new one (by using 
[define](#adding-to-a-schema-with-define)).

> Don't forget to modify all references accordingly (with deletion and adding).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don't forget to update all references to the modified concept through the same process (i.e. deletion and addition).
```

> If there are a lot of changes to be done consider creating a brand-new database to load a new schema from scratch.

Reviewer: It might be the case that creating a new database would involve also migrating all of the data (could be very painful) - perhaps we could advise that the user make use of Studio as it supports schema editor actions without starting from scratch.

Author: Never heard of such an ability/function in Studio.
Most pains in modifying schema are from the need to delete/modify sub-types and data. 
So deleting all data might be a by-product of creating a new DB, but it is often a necessity.
Let's add a note here about adding data from scratch and leave it that way. 
And I want to know more about this Studio schema editor.

Author: I think I managed to do both with minimal changes. https://github.com/vaticle/docs/pull/652#:~:text=85020f7-,Fix%20after%20review,-%E2%80%A6

### Adding to a schema with Define

To add concepts to an existing schema we need to do a query with a single `define` statement at the beginning, just like

> for a new schema. For example, lets add attribute `phone-number` to the `person` entity:

Reviewer: lets -> let's

Author: ```suggestion
for a new schema. For example, let's add attribute `phone-number` to the `person` entity:
```

<div class="tabs dark">

[tab:TypeQL]
```typeql
define

person owns phone-number;
```
[tab:end]

[tab:Java]
```java
TypeQLDefine query = TypeQL.define(
        type("person").owns("phone-number")
        );
```
</div>

> Any concepts that already exist in a schema you are trying to modify will not be added to prevent doubling. That is why 

Reviewer: doubling -> duplication

This applies everywhere else we've used the word 'doubling'. Not necessarily wrong, just more familiar language to most developers imo.

Author: I think you are right here. Fixed it everywhere I found it  https://github.com/vaticle/docs/pull/652/commits/85020f7fcfe6cf2e6378f3e1e7c6d38cfd9b10b7

you can run the following request with the same result:

<div class="tabs dark">

[tab:TypeQL]
```typeql
define

person sub entity,
  owns full-name,
  owns nickname,
  owns gender,
  owns phone-number;
```
[tab:end]

[tab:Java]
```java
TypeQLDefine query = TypeQL.define(
        type("person").sub("entity").owns("full-name").owns("nickname").owns("gender").owns("phone-number")
        );
```
</div>

> In the example above the `person` was already defined as a subtype of an entity as well as first three attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example above, `person` was already defined as a subtype of `entity` and owning the first three attributes.
```

You can even reuse your original query/file (e.g. `schema.tql`) that was used to create the original schema. 
By adding concepts to the original query and executing it again you will achieve the same result — any concepts that 
were created by the original request will not be created again (doubled) but the newly added concepts will be added to 

> the schema. Thus, running the same query a second time will have no effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the schema. Thus, running the same query a second time will have no effect (i.e. it is idempotent).
```

<div class="note">
[Important]

> You can only add concepts this way. Do not try to modify existing concepts or delete by modifying query and launching 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can only add concepts this way. Do not try to modify existing concepts or delete by modifying the query and launching 
```

</div>

## Modify an existing schema

> We can modify an existing database schema. Usually it is done by adding or deleting types: entities, relations, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can modify an existing database schema. Usually this is done by adding or deleting types: entities, relations, 
```

```
</div>

In the example above, `person` was already defined as a subtype of `entity` and owning the first three attributes.

We can even reuse the original query/file (e.g. `schema.tql`) that was used to create the original schema. 
By adding concepts to the original query and executing it again we will achieve the same result — any concepts that 
were created by the original request will not be created again (duplicated) but the newly added concepts will be added 
to the schema. Thus, running the same query a second time will have no effect (i.e. it is idempotent).

<div class="note">
[Important]
Since this operation is idempotent we can add any amount of previously applied statements that are already in the schema 

> into a define request. But what we can only add types this way. We can't modify or delete existing types by modifying 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
into a define request. But, we can only add types this way. We can't modify or delete existing types by modifying 
```

a define query and launching it again.
</div>

### Deleting from a schema with Undefine

As the keyword suggests, we use the `undefine` keyword to remove the definition of a type or its association with other types from the schema.

<div class="note">
[Important]

> Don't forget to `commit` after executing an `undefine` statement. Otherwise, anything we have undefined is NOT committed to the original database that is running on the TypeDB server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don't forget to `commit` after executing an `undefine` query. Otherwise, any changes will NOT be committed to the database.
```

Author: If I understand correctly, there can be (and usually are) multiple queries in a define/undefine tql file. All of them go with a single transaction, but different queries. So what would we call this "text of the tql file with define in it"?

Author: Also, are we committing the state of the query? I mean is that a correct term? I thought we more like commit changes made by the query.

Reviewer: > If I understand correctly, there can be (and usually are) multiple queries in a define/undefine tql file. All of them go with a single transaction, but different queries. So what would we call this "text of the tql file with define in it"?

I believe the whole file, if it is a single define statement, is one query.

> Also, are we committing the state of the query? I mean is that a correct term? I thought we more like commit changes made by the query.

You're right, this is poorly worded. Perhaps 'any changes will NOT [...]'. No need to go into more detail.
